README.md, before:

# SVG Logo Maker
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
This application takes in user input to generate a logo and save it as an SVG file. The user is prompted to select a color and shape, provide text for the logo, and save the generated SVG to a `.svg` file.
  
  
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Project Links](#project-links)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Technologies Used

JavaScript, Node.js

## Installation

Please follow these steps to install and run the project on your local machine:
Installation instructions are coming in a future update.
  
## Usage
  
To use this project, follow these steps:
Usage instructions are coming in a future update.

## Contributing

This project is currently not open for contributions.

## Tests

To run tests on this project, follow these steps:
Testing intructions are coming in a future update.
  
## Project Links
  
Walkthrough Demo:

Github Repository: https://github.com/that-devguy/SVG-Logo-Maker

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. Feel free to edit and distribute this template as you like.

See [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Questions

If you have any questions or issues, feel free to reach out to me via my GitHub profile: [that_devguy](https://github.com/that_devguy) or email me at zkmutch@gmail.com.

Commit message:

updated project README with installation, usage, and testing instructions including demo images

README.md, after:

# SVG Logo Maker
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
This application takes in user input to generate a logo and save it as an SVG file. The user is prompted to select a color and shape, provide text for the logo, and save the generated SVG to a `.svg` file.
  
  
## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Project Links](#project-links)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Technologies Used

JavaScript, Node.js

## Installation

Please follow these steps to install and run the project on your local machine:

1. Install Node.js
2. Clone the repository
3. Install dependencies by opening the cloned repository and run the command `npm install` to install all the dependencies required for the generator
4. Run the generator by running the command `node index` to start the generator and answer the prompts
  
## Usage
  
To use this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine
2. Follow the installation instructions in the README
3. Start the application by running `node index` in your terminal
4. Answer all the prompts to generate your SVG Logo

![SVG Logo Generator Demo Image](/assets/images/inquirer-prompts-demo.JPG)
> **Note**: Example terminal that shows the list of prompts used to generate the svg file.

![SVG Generated File Demo Image](/assets/images/generated-svg.JPG)
> **Note**: After the user answers the list of prompts the Logo.svg file will be generated.

![SVG Generated Logo Demo Image](/assets/images/generated-logo.JPG)
> **Note**: Example Logo.svg result


## Contributing

This project is currently not open for contributions.

## Tests

To run tests on this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine
2. Follow the installation instructions in the README
3. Run Jest by running `npm test` in your terminal

![Jest Tests Demo Image](/assets/images/jest-tests-demo.JPG)
  
## Project Links
  
Walkthrough Demo:

Github Repository: https://github.com/that-devguy/SVG-Logo-Maker

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license. Feel free to edit and distribute this template as you like.

See [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) for more information.

## Questions

If you have any questions or issues, feel free to reach out to me via my GitHub profile: [that_devguy](https://github.com/that_devguy) or email me at zkmutch@gmail.com.
